---
title: raw
---

## Overview

The `raw` function in Regor is an alias for the `html` function. It serves the same purpose and can be used interchangeably with `html` to create HTML strings from template literals and interpolated values. It is commonly used to generate HTML content dynamically within Regor components.

## Usage

The `raw` function is essentially identical to the `html` function, and its usage is the same. It allows you to create HTML strings with dynamic content using template literals and interpolating values into the resulting string.

### Example

```javascript
import { raw } from 'regor'

// Create an HTML string with dynamic content
const name = 'John'
const age = 30
const htmlString = raw`<p>Hello, my name is ${name} and I am ${age} years old.</p>`

// The resulting HTML string:
// "<p>Hello, my name is John and I am 30 years old.</p>"
```

## Parameters

- `templates` (TemplateStringsArray): An array of string literals representing the static parts of the HTML template.

- `...args` (any[]): Any number of additional arguments that will be interpolated into the template to generate the dynamic parts of the HTML.

## Return Value

- Returns a string that represents the HTML content generated by interpolating the template literals and values provided in the `args` array.

## Notes

- The `raw` function is functionally equivalent to the `html` function and can be used interchangeably. It provides a convenient way to create HTML strings with dynamic content.

- Like the `html` function, it uses JavaScript's template literal syntax to define the static parts of the HTML template and interpolates values into the template using `${...}` placeholders.

- The resulting HTML string can be directly used in your Regor components or inserted into the DOM as needed.

- In Regor, this function is commonly used in conjunction with template rendering and component creation to generate HTML content.

## See Also

- [html](/api/html)

[Back to the API list](/api/)
